Welcome to my fractol !

NAME
	fractol -- Show a set of fractal selected by the user

SYNOPSIS
	fractol [[OPTIONS]... [FRACTAL]]...

DESCRIPTION
	This program allow you to simply discover the beautiful world of fractals.
	To use, just launch the program with the fractal you want to see.

	You can put parameters before the fractal name to change the program
	behaviour.

	You can also open multiple fractals in one time. The following example
	will open 2 fractals:
		./fractal julia mandelbrot
	The following example will open multiples fractals with different
	parameters:
		./fractal -wh 100 -it 42 julia mandelbrot -zoom 2 douady

FRACTALS
	julia
	mandelbrot
	douady
	sierpinski_carpet

	random
		Select a random set between the availables fractals.

FRACTAL NAVIGATION
	You can use the mouse and the keyboard to navigate inside the view.

	KEYBOARD
	UP		Move the view up.
	DOWN		Move the view down.
	RIGHT		Move the view to the right.
	LEFT		Move the view to the left.

	NUM1		Green color.
	NUM2		Greenish-blue color.
	NUM3		Pink color.
	NUM4		Orange color.
	NUM5		Blue color
	(/!\ These colors may not be accurate due to multiples parameters
		like the amout of iterations, the set and many others.)

	T		Increase the window height.
	V		Decrease the window height.
	F		Increase the window width.
	G		Decrease the window width.

	NUM_MINUS	Increase by 1 the amount of iterations.
	NUM_PLUS	Decrease by 1 the amount of iterations.

	L		Lock the Julia parameter.
	R		Reset window to factory settings.

	MOUSE
	Cursor position	Change parameter in Julia set.
	Wheel		Zoom in or zoom out.

OPTIONS
	-wh		Set window height for the next fractal.
			Take a int as parameter. Must be superior to 0.

	-ww		Set window width for the next fractal.
			Take a int as parameter. Must be superior to 0.

	-it		Set base iteration for the next fractal.
			Take a int as parameter. Must be superior or equal to 0.

	-zoom		Set base zoom the the next fractal.
			Take a int as parameter. Must be superior to 0.

	-xoff		Set base horizontal offset for the next fractal.
			Take a int as parameter.

	-yoff		Set base vertical offset for the next fractal.
			Take a int as parameter.

	-m_lock		Lock the julia parameter at the start of the program.

	-c		Set base color code.
			Take a int as parameter. Should be comprised between 1 and 5
			included

	-help		Show this screen.
